Update dev workflow (#269)
LLNL/hiop: README_developers.md

- Keep pull requests focused on single issue
- Whenever possible squash all commits on merge

# Quickstart on CI Platforms

If you are developing HiOp on one of our supported platforms, you may want to
use the dependencies we have already installed there. In that case, you may
source the respective variables script we have configured for that platform:

```console
$ cd /path/to/hiop
$ export MY_CLUSTER=newell # or marianas or ascent
$ source ./scripts/${MY_CLUSTER}Variables.sh
$ mkdir build && cd build
$ cmake ..

> $ ccmake . # Optional, if you would like to further configure the build
> $ make -j 16
> $ make test
> ```

Reviewer: Perhaps leaving `ccmake` outside the core instructions would better emphasize it is optional?
```suggestion
$ make -j 16
$ make test

Optionally, you may want to modify default CMake configuration with
`ccmake` or `cmake-gui` tools.
```
